The three have competed. There he goes.
They've competed in literally every game
from the um the World Olympics to FIFA's
World Cup every single year to Mario
Party. And today we are finally joined
in Mario Kart. What are you doing? I'm
dancing. Ryan, can I say hi? Yeah. Yeah.
Go ahead, bro. Go, bro. Hi. Hello,
everybody.
So, listen. Here's what we're going to
do. If you want to see more games like
this, as always, you got to leave a like
on this video. If maybe just enough
likes, we'll do a part two, part three
on the channel. I think Dion wanted a
piece. But again, like the video. Yo,
tell tell them how many likes they need.
How many likes they need for this? D you
choose. They need over this many. How
much is that many? Five.
5 million. Do you like how? Look in
front of us. That guy, that's one of our
viewers. He's just viewing us doing the
intro. Oh [__] Oh, I just I just ran.
Put him in the Put him in the intro,
bro. Hey. Hey, put him in. Get out of
here. Put him in a blender, bro. Hey,
comment section. Normally I ask in a
negative way like who's going to like
lose first, die first, etc. Who's going
to get first place first out of us? Hold
on. Let's block off this this toad from
going to work. Let's ruin our day. Here,
I got an idea for you. Oh, you bro, you
killed them.
Like I said, bro, for the first race, I
added a little Yes, we got a bit of a
bit of a twist. Bit of a twist. Oh,
Rainbow Road in the first map. Uh, you
know what? I will vote Rainbow Road. I
want to see the animals. This is the
only map where I actually think that as
a normal race it benefits from the ride
over outside of Knockout Tour. Oh,
Commas almost got my ass on that one.
Hey comments, if you've been playing
Mario Kart, let us know your thoughts on
this because I personally think this is
the best Mario Kart ever made. And this
is your recency bias. I think they just
did a great job on this and we
is animals.
So, he's the he's the one guy that voted
for that.
All of us in the lobby like rainbow robe
would be awesome if the said Donkey Kong
in the corner. No animals.
Day friend
Caesar home.
[Laughter]
Anyway, I'm going to have the most
points by the end of this. That was
ignorant what you said.
Nah, bro. You guys don't got that. I'm
behind you. Let me get that draft, bro.
Let me get that draft. Hey yo, can I can
I bump the draft on you, bro? Everybody
knows if you stay in the in the front
the whole time, you just win. Uh, Ryme,
you don't need to tell us, bro. Dion's
got over 45 hours. I got over 30. I
think we're good, bro. Hit me. I'm going
to the right. Give me that. It's over
for me. It's over. Who wants all them
gold coins? It's over for me, bro. Who
wants some gold coins? Bro, where the
alpha's at? I'm back, baby. Yeah, in the
back of the line, Ty. Oh, yeah. The in
front of me, bro. Why am I in front of
you, bro? Why am I in front of you, bro?
Now, when it when it don't matter. I'm
running. I'm running with the I thought
we were E. I thought we were doing
knockout. I'm running with the normal
ass race. We'll start with normal then
we'll go to knock out afterwards.
Oh my god. I want Chica Flame banned
from the lobby.
Watch out. Green shell. I'm good. It
really wasn't that close. Yo, look at
the bomb there. There's so HD was my
bomb. Oh, I'm getting a new costume.
It's Boy Scout Bowser Jr. and I want
Chica Flame eliminated. I want Chica
Flame eliminated. Oh my god. Shut up,
Dino. Oh yeah. Shut up. No, you squished
me at the end, bro.
I'm mad because I had a giant mushroom,
too. I just squished somebody. Yeah.
Yeah. No, I got bullet filled off again.
D, it's happening again. I don't care. I
don't care because I'm going through a
lot worse. Shoot him. Shoot him. Shoot
him. Where did that shoot him? I got no
item. I got no item on that last.
There's no way. I'm 19th, bro. And now
I'm last. I'm What? What even hit me?
Sorry, Dion. I'm sorry. Oh my god. A
shock dodge in the clutch right when the
world needed it most. A shock dodge into
a mushroom. I've never seen the game.
Awesome. I got coins off of Why did I
get coins in 20th? There's no way I'm
getting hoed. Okay, I didn't get hoed
that bad, but I definitely I got hoed
out of first. Oh my god. I hate I hate
that all these people who suck at the
game are hitting me, bro. Definitely I
got hoed out of first. No, you're such a
[__] Uh guys, the three dates are not
looking good right now. I mean, I'm
like, I'm looking pretty good. Did you
see all the [__] that happened? It
started with It started with Dion
squishing me. I I didn't get the 24th. I
have never been 24th. Don't tell me I'm
the only one in the top 13. Damn. Wait,
where's Dion at? I got [__] at the
end, bro. What the What did you get? Uh
13 14th. Oh, wait. I didn't I didn't see
your name in list at all. Damn. Who Who
beat for Rainbow Road again? Like, let
it go, dog. It's not happening. It
wasn't me that time, unironically.
What is that? Have I been on his map
yet? Oh, and it's actually three laps.
Nice. Yeah, I don't think I've played
his map at all. I'm a knockout tour guy.
Come on, bro. You can't You can't still
appreciate the old three lap structure.
Oh, I appreciate it. All right, bro. Who
just I didn't even fly. I just tricked
off people's heads already. I know. You
tricked off my [__] probably. I think.
My bad. Wait, I didn't play this map
before. Do you love it or do you love
it? It's a great redesign in my opinion.
Comment section who agree. Who's shaking
their head?
I want Zach banned from the lobby again.
When this is over, I'm going to have a
lot of complaints for a lot of people.
These are your people, bro. I know. But
basically, if any of you are in here or
subscribed to me, please unsubscribe.
And it's Chica Flame again. I don't even
need to see his name, bro. Chica Flame
has been playing every single lobby
we've done since the game came out. I
just want him to know. I want him
banned. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa. Oh, no. Finally, an item box. You
would think that'd be a lot commoner
than it was. Commenter. Commoner. Yeah.
I was I was thinking in my head. I was
like, are they going to let that slime,
[__] We hold this. We hold this. We
hold this. Three green shell. Three
green shells in Mario Kart World. Might
as well. This is what happens for
holding it. The The thing about Mario
Kart World, you can't hold items. Don't.
There's no point because they're just
going to take it with lightning, bro.
Oh, blue shell, you suck.
Suck. I know your ass ain't trying to
be. I guess you're first. Oh my god, I
hate this game. There's a guy who has
like 90 hours in it, bro. Cuz I'm
getting [__] hoed by these trash
players.
Not a fan either, huh? Chica Flame.
Chica Flame. Watching his video with
with a smile disappearing slowly and
slowly. Andrew, you stole my items. I'm
unironically going to get 24. I'm going
to starve. Nah, don't don't let us say
crazy things now. Not the three idiots.
It is the three idiots get Let's not
Let's not say something crazy just to be
crazy. Give us two item, bro. Um, that's
the last item box. Don't worry. It was
three banana shells, bro. I'm sorry.
What? But I was protected by three
[__] banana shells. How are you going
so fast? Oh, and a star, too. Yeah, this
bullet was the only reason I didn't get
20 boards. The best thing about a game
like Mario Kart is no matter how good
you are in this game, it doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter. That's going to
dramatically move me down the lobby
rankings. Yeah, you got the position I
got last race. Hey, bro. If I get
anything less than ninth, I'm a [__] I
think this I feel every time. I think I
set the first batch to like three races,
so this is the last one. So, Rainbow
Road wrote it. Rainbow wrote it up. What
do you got to do today? Except for race
except for making videos and racing and
finding and reading. um making videos
about racing. Oh, okay. So, you're a
little racing channel now. You're a
little racist now. Let's [__] go.
Let's stop. Of what? Especially with
what I've done. What did you do?
Well, what have you, bro? You can't
leave that out of context in this video.
He's He's talking about the Afro video.
We don't know when that's going to come
out. So, we didn't get Rama Road.
We just go Starview Peak. I mean, I
voted it, bro. You can at least take
take a bitty on another. Ah, just move
me over to knockout. I don't want to
drive to the race.
It's only hype if it's the final race.
Has everyone got first game? We have it.
Have we? N
hit real different. None of us do. Ooh,
a star
to kill somebody.
I think I'm going to go with a bag
strategy. Bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro.
Oh, yep. There we go. I'm big mode. Good
luck everybody else. There we go. Yep.
There. There we go. What's popping?
There we go. There we go. 24th now.
24th. Majesty from 2nd to 24th. Love
that for me. I'm out. I'm out. I'm not
I'm not I don't know what bagging is.
You guys just happen to be in last. I
think I'm going to go for the bag scrap.
I don't know what that means. No,
[__] You just in the bag. I
think I'm bagging this episode. I'm
squishing everybody. It's good. It's
good. Ooh, great lightning. Yo, with the
assist. Fantastic. Let's go. Lightning.
Hey, Dion. Look at us, bro. Up here
where we belong. The front. Hey, bro.
I'm not even that high. I can't get too
low. What? What? What? Oh, I Nice horn.
They make it for men. Yeah.
Shut up, Dino. Son of a [__]
I feel like you could hold against Yeah,
it's called karma. What are going to
work together? We're always working
against each other. That's why we keep
losing [__] Because if you win, it's
going to be more annoying than if a
random wins. It's not true. That is 100%
true. That's not true, bro.
Hey, lap three of three. God bless
America. I'm going to [__] lose.
What did America have to do with this?
Yeah, I was going to say
this is kind of like Rainbow Road at
this point. All right, I got hit by
Chica Flame. No, it's [__] not. I
hate the boomerang. It's good, don't get
me wrong, but why are you blocking up my
other better item that I'm trying to get
access to? I fell off the map. It's
over, too. 24th place. Here I go. I just
got hit crazy. You know, it's not
passing me, bro. Stone cold silence.
Look at that. You're a [__] D, was
that you? Did you have a boomerang? I
did not have a boomerang.
Holy smokes. I just know in all three of
my races I haven't been single digits.
So I I don't give a [__]
There's no way. I was I was in a pretty
decent. I was in super in the front, but
somebody boomerang me at the edge and I
fell off. Yeah, we should do frantic
items. It will be great. Wait, Donald
was 20th.
Bro, you were 23rd. What the [__] you
But I got hoed. I had no choice. What?
You think I got 20th because I just suck
at the game? Yes, I see your time
trials. You can beat Kyle. Did you wake
up in a cold sweat? Did you wake up in a
cold sweat last night? The world record.
Did you wake up in a cold sweat last
night? I have a respectable 155. You
know who you know has a better score.
Final knockout. Let's see who races
long. Bet. Bet. Bad. Bad. Bet. All
right. Look, here's the thing. It
doesn't matter what position you get in
this race. It's just as long as you make
it past the beginning. I feel like the
worst part about knockout door is when
you die in the beginning and you have to
watch your friends have fun like
Squidward. Well, what's going to be
really embarrassing is if all three of
us do and then I know it's a bad look if
we all I know. So, I need one of you to
lock in that. Hey, you have to do it cuz
you play this game more than anybody.
Oh, damn. We don't got to fight over
items. I promise it's going to be all
right.
Oh, there's too much already happening.
Ah, [__] red shell. Piece of [__]
Let me get those coins. Let me get those
coins. Appreciate the points. I think I
should add more points than this, but
sure. Yeah, I think I'm going to use the
baggage right now. No item at all. No
item at all. Awesome. Love that for me.
Just crazy cuz whenever I see the
indicator that somebody's a giant behind
me, I know I'm going to get ran over.
These [__] do just that to me.
These [__] will literally drive
to the right and not straight to to just
run somebody over. You did that to me
early. Can I get an item?
There's no way that There's no way that
you hoes took every single Bro, can I
get a [__] bite? All right.
Well, I mean, looks like it wouldn't
have even mattered anyway. I I'm not
making it past the first race, gang. I'm
going be real with you. Hey, knockout
mode ain't for everybody, buddy. And
I'll have you know, I don't hold my
items. I immediately blast some shits
because I know lightning's coming. It
always does. And you know the first
thing about the bagging strategy star
[Music]
maybe, maybe I'm not going to be out
yet.
[__]
I'm mad. I'm I'm I'm actually tight. I'm
actually tired about that squash. They
squashed me as my star ended. I'm in
first. I can't wait for that blue shell
to cartoonishly ruin everything that I
built. Same. At least you built
something, bro. I got nothing. What do
you mean same? You are not in first. No,
I want you to die. I'm still I was just
He's just talking, bro. Like he didn't
even hear you. We have that in common.
Hey, Donald. Donald, what's up, bro?
Come here, bro. Come here, bro. Come
here, bro. What? I just What did I do to
you?
Why does that take your item? Why does
that also take your item? For what? Oh,
someone someone just died. I'm going to
throw up. I'm Bro, the the hoing is
crazy. Stop boomeranging me. [__]
sucks ass. I'm panicking now. The panic
setting in.
No,
you're a [__] It's over. It's over.
I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. I'm
out. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out.
Yes, because that stupid [__]
boomerang. God damn it. You actually
lost.
Oh, he's he's losing it for real. Are
you kidding me? At the end,
buddy. He's losing it for real. Welcome
to Mario. Who did it? Who did it? Who
did it? Who did it? Who did it? Wasn't
me, bro. I back there in a minute.
Editor, find out who boomeranged me. I
want to know. I want to know. I haven't
gotten a boomerang all video.
You kind of put a smile on my face that
it happened to somebody, though. And I'm
squished. I've been squished multiple
times. Yeah, I think I'm going with the
baggie. I went from like fifth, dog. I
was like fifth. I was in the same spot
to make it to the next round. A
boomerang. And by the way, it didn't
even hit me forwards. It hit me
backwards. Backwards, dog. Hey, you
decided to invite randoms. I mean,
people from Twitter, bro. You know how
they get.
Oh my [__] god. Oh my god. I think
I'm actually going to lose because my
items suck a grand total of 17. At least
At least you had items, dog.
I made it if it makes you feel any
better. I made it if it makes me feel
any better. I want to die. It was not It
was not It was not very uh good though.
I want to put a bullet in my brain. Oh
my god. Wait, this Wait, this this lap
sucks. There's like no boxes.
Okay, there's one line of boxes. Is that
you jumping up in the water? You ain't
getting a boost. Whoa.
Oh, or it wasn't. Oh, maybe it is. I
wasn't jumping. I was getting [__]
folded over like an omelette.
I think I'm going with the bagging
strategy on this one. Out of the way,
everybody. I was bagging strategy on
this one.
And he makes it.
Spike, you ain't got to use that bomb,
bro.
Dude, can you [__] not run me over
for one second? Hey Doto, once you get
to this point in knockout, it's it's
hectic, sure, but it's a little more
calming, you know? Not as many people to
throw [__] at you. I can tell the people
that made it here, like it meant
something to them. Like the other people
are just like actual just hooligans.
They probably just didn't really They
probably just didn't care as much, you
know? They just didn't have it in them.
I don't know. It's like there's
something different about the people
that make it here. Mhm. Don't rhyme. How
the spectator on me look a dick, bro.
You know what I'm going to say? I like
that they don't let you choose who to
spectate cuz I know you watching me
right now. I know you're pissed.
You're seeing me with this [__] crown
on. I got them boy scout and I'm getting
blue shadow. That's called karma dog
boomerang because this [__] fat JPEG
[__] threw that [__] at me. I'll leave
you with Toadette. Hopefully Toadette's
a better streamer than I'll ever be. My
My other favorite part about that first
part of the race is not getting a single
iteing sufferer once. That'll do it. Oh
my god, I'm going to [__] lose. Thank
god I went with the bagging strategy on
this one.
I hope they kill you, bro. God, they're
all trying to [__] me up, bro. I'm in.
Activate bagging strategy.
There's no There's no way I strateg
in the race. Yeah, I'm still in this B.
Oh, you got quiet. I couldn't tell. I
think he was the last one. He was the
last one through. I almost got [__]
up. Of course, bro. [__] you, JPEG. Bro,
in first place has three [__] red
shells. Somebody throw a blue shell. I
see. I see them. Cuz what I'm supposed
to do? I could pass, but why would I?
But that's how losers think. Coming out
into a scorching first place. It's me.
That's the Oh, he immediately got me.
He immediately [__] me up. Oh, comic.
And oh, I'm transforming. Got a goomba.
I got him. Dion, I'll take him out.
He got me. It's over.
[Laughter]
Yo, Boo. Wait, Dion's in first. Dion got
it. Oh. Oh, you know me. It's time to
activate bagging strategy.
Oh my god. I didn't I didn't get [__]
boys.
Shut up, JPEG. And I got red shelled at
the finish line. Goodbye. It's over.
[__]
To all those people who redo me, I hate
you. And I got hit. And I got hit. Hold
on. Hold on. Di clutch up for idiots.
I probably wasted this. Everybody that I
see play in in race, they're just
scrubs. The OP. Oh, I leave it to you.
This is actually mad. run into that
[__] stone guy,
bro. Yes, I did. [__] Oh, hey, still
top four. I mean, respectable
performance for us. Yeah, it could be
worse. You could be top 20, you know.
Yeah. Or not make it top 20. The thing
is, I'm still pissed about my
I'm so tired. Look at my spot, bro. I'm
so tired. Use the bagging strap. God, I
can't believe I got hit by tiki face
[__] bro. God damn. [__] We I don't
know. This might be the most
embarrassing question Dion's ever posed
in a video, bro. Like, [__] you, me. The
answer is going to be nobody.
Get first. You know what? We'll make
sure who's getting first this time. We
We We can get first every now and then
when we play this. It's not It's not a
I'm saying I'm saying in the video, bro.
Like, the answer was nobody. Yeah. I
said, "Who's going to get first the most
out of us?" And none of us have gotten
first. Yeah, but we still have a video
to do. We're not done yet. That's true.
I'm going to get first this
This is the one. Yeah. Did we just get
the same race? No, no, we we we did uh
cherries, right? We did cherry ball.
This isn't Oh, but this is the This is
one of those I hate the water, bro. I
hate blue. The blue shell is the worst.
Oh, I mean Yeah. Wario is [__] People
love this one. This is the one. Yeah,
this is the one that ends on the on the
water level. Hey, but I mean I like your
mentality cuz that means you think that
you're going to make it. Like, bro, you
might not have to even worry about that.
I made it there every single time. And
we I've seen it. Hey, look. I've seen
it. The people watching this video just
haven't. And so like let's let's lock
in. Okay. Yeah. That's that's
unfortunate. That's not unfortunate,
bro. It's time It's like time to show
that narrative. I can't show a
narrative. I got ho RBS. It's time to
show a narrative, bro. I waited like
what 10 years for this game to come out.
I've been playing Mario Kart 8 for 10
years. It's my time to shine.
I'm I swear to God, I'm going to dock
the [__] out of you, bro. I'm going to
do the [__] out of you. You stole my
items. I have not got it the entire
goddamn race, bro. Then why did you take
me, bro? Oh, I didn't get it. I'm I got
squashed. I got squashed. I'm going to
kill myself. I'm going to off myself,
bro. This is a terrible game. Who made
Who that deal with? Hey. Hey, what's up,
bro? Yeah, I know. You were yelling at
me. I was behind you the whole time. It
couldn't have been me, bro. I was
framed.
You were not. I like how he's he's he's
okay with it as long as somebody's back.
Also, I'm not the same as you, bro. I'm
employing the bagging strategy. You just
suck.
Yeah. All right. He I am going to not
make it. Don't use the bagging strategy,
Dion. Come on with me. I'll push you.
There's no more back.
There is another boomerang behind me. I
swear to God. I did not make it or get
20th. Oh, I made it. I made it. Jesus. I
also made it.
Let me let me let me bow a mushroom,
bro. If somebody has shock, use it now.
Use it now. All right. Just save it
then, bro. I'm bro, bro. All right,
Dino. I want you to know. That's for
earlier. That's where earlier don't die.
I want you to know cuz earlier I had a
red shell and you were lined up right
behind me. I could have thrown it
backwards. I chose not to. I remember.
No, don't say say less. Say less. We
keep the same energy in his house. Okay.
All right. Yeah. Yeah. We'll see. Just
know when I start driving perpendicular
to beat your ass, bro. Dude,
perpendicular. I should have I should
have bagged. I should have bagged. I
should have bagged. Every time I don't
bag, I [__] hate myself.
And there goes my items. There's no
What's the point of taking Boo got it.
Boo just stole from somebody that Oh,
yeah. I it's going to throw a lady
shock dodge.
I was a large individual. I'm a King
Kong, not Donkey Kong. I still made it.
But damn, do I hate it here.
Oh, I got
the thing about me is I don't I don't
drive. I drive through the snow. I drive
a Jeep. That's crazy. That is And Dion
took my [__] items. Thanks, bro. I
don't know why. Now I'm going to starve.
And Donald got hit. Bro, why you looking
forward instead of backwards for once in
your life, bro? Aim higher, bro. Cuz I
got to I got to watch the ops, bro. I I
look, bro. These the [__]
that'll [__] me up,
bro.
I will target y'all cuz they they've
been targeting me this entire race. My
aim will be true. I have a green shell.
One person stands in front, but my aim
is true. Yeah,
I hit my green. Beautiful. Beautiful,
beautiful, beautiful, beautiful. We got
the setup. We got the setup. Set up.
Now, a lot of people like the bag, but
me, I like to be a little different. He
likes to pretend that whatever is
currently happening to him is on
purpose. Who's first?
No, it doesn't matter. It's gone. It's
gone. Doesn't matter. The rail, you
little idiot.
Oh my god. Wait, wait a second. I just
realized I'm using the bagging strategy.
What the [__] Shut up.
I mean, I am I I think I I think I hate
him. I think I want to jo like sometimes
you got to change your perspective. Once
you do that, like the rest will fall
into place. My identity's been stolen
again.
Activating bagging strategy.
What the [__] Why did you put me in the
water, you dumbass bullet bill? Oh my
god, this dumbass bullet bill is trying
to ruin my life.
What the actual hell was that?
I think I might be out here. I'll be
real with you. Yeah. Don't Don't be real
with me, bro. Be somebody. Hi, D. I got
I got No. No. Peach. Uh, he didn't make
it.
Well, where it was in the Pauline's
going to be in the next Donkey Kong
game. Spoilers. Oh my god. Sorry.
Spoiler tag that for the comments.
Slight boost last second. I hate this
game. Who's still in? Is both of you
guys in? Both of us are. Oh my god. And
I want to die. It's all right. I'll get
first. I'll bring it home for the team.
I want I want swift death. I got you,
bro. I'll bring it home for the team.
How can you do that if I'm the one doing
that? Hey, bro. I'll get first. You get
second. We got high five up top. Not my
best choice. And I got hit by a
boomerang. And this is the beginning of
the end. God, this game is such a rush.
What a psychological thriller.
Psychological thriller is the best way
to to describe Mario Kart World.
I'm using the front running strategy.
[__] What happened to you? I wish I
could spectate you, bro. Just people are
just so [__] stupid. Obviously, the
double item box is going to respond, but
he was like, "Oh, it's not going to
respond in time, so he doesn't get it."
But he should have known that it would
have. [__] pseudo. So, he stole your
stole your items. I like pseudoo better
than Hey, don't get don't get the
hamburger win, bro. They're all the way
up in the front. Yes. Yes. No, it having
bitchon, I see you use the bagging
strategy. Interesting. Shut up, [__] I
I went with the front running myself.
Thank you, by the way. Appreciate that.
I Well, to let it be known, I talked
about how much I hate this water part.
You boasted I wasn't going to make it,
and I didn't make it. Yeah, you didn't
have to worry about it into existence.
You didn't want the water part. This guy
This guy never listened to the secret.
For real. Bullet in my brain. Bullet in
my brain. Bullet in my brain. Bullet in
my brain. I'm going off the pirate ship.
And the yohoohoo.
I missed the item boxes, by the way.
[__] was not working. Nothing spells,
bro. It's like getting saltine crackers
when you get [__] nothing but green
shells.
Decked me out in green shells. I ain't
going to lie, this where I got
eliminated last time, and it's looking
like it's going to be the same story. Is
this uh leading you to top four right
now?
Uh, yes. Are you guys still on top?
Thankfully, I enacted my bagging
strategy. Oh, first he got hit by a
green shell and blue shell. Blue shell.
Oh, I know. I know they're mad. Did he
get she get do with that? You
[__] Dude, I'm out. I'm out.
Do still in. I got to bring it home for
the bro. The the do lasers are about to
be annoying for the next week and a
half. You have asked that question. I I
think I think we all know when when Dion
asked that question, the answer was it's
going to be me.
We just didn't know it then, but we know
it now. God, I hate this turn, though.
Well, can you can you bring it on home?
I'm actually I'm actually like really
good at this part of the map, bro. [__]
I wish I could have done it. All right.
Okay, I am too. Two red shells. All
right. GG's, gang. Wait. I'm enacting
the bagging strategy. Bro, you stop
bagging. You It's at the end. He's not
really bagging. He's saying that
whenever he gets a low placement. He's
not doing it on purpose.
I think uh Hamburger wins it here. Yeah.
Yeah. By a long by a mile. So, we end
this video. Too crazy, guys. One of us
got second. It was me. That's not good
enough. The question was who's going to
get first? Yeah. Yeah. I know. I know
what the question was. What second means
is you were the first loser.
Okay. I hate when people say that cuz
the first loser was the first chunk of
people who didn't make it. Yeah. Or uh
you know just whoever got 13th or
whatever.
So we're just going to attack each. See
this is why we can't ever do anything
together. We are busy attacking each
other. [__] you do and [__] you Dion and
[__] Latitu. That whole time I thought
you were going to set up the teams bit,
but you just kind of cursed me out. See,
I want to do teams. That's what you
said. I I thought I thought I thought
you were like setting the lore for the
video up and then you just said, "Fuck
you guys." No, I I was I was just going
to end it after that, but I guess we can
do one team. Your video, bro. Don't let
me direct. All right. I mean, if you got
us on there, we going to win anyway. So,
50 C. Wait, wait, wait. 50 cc. We're
about to be driving it [__] Hold on,
hold on, hold up, hold up. No, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no, no. How do we change
it? I can't, bro. Uh, we're we're going
to back we're going to back out, bro.
We're going to back out. All right,
we're just going to do one more team
race. Unfortunately, uh, because I had
10 seconds to choose the teams, I had it
shuffled. So, uh, everybody's in a
different team. My team going to beat
y'all team. Not too much on yellow team.
And also, yeah, I didn't see. But, but
when I was setting up the teams, I
actually said the 50 CC, so I had to
reset it, which is why we're not
together anymore. It's going to be cut
in, bro. They're going to see the
beginning of that. They're going to see
the beginning of that. No. Oh, no. I
guess the beginning. I messed up the
who? Bro, you're on my team. I think
I getting karma for what I did to uh
Thundershot last time we played this.
We're calling by his school government.
This reminds me what I did to old
Thundershot 75.
I just say Thunder. I just call him
T-shot.
Yeah, but what do you think? What do you
think you're talking about like a
thunderstorm or something? Tuka. I don't
think I don't I don't think they would
think that. Why not? They're not stupid.
Yo, Dion, what up? You bully you. You
You aren't bullying people. Identity
theft. I was kind of running over my own
teammates on accident. He'll be It's not
accident. That is not an accident. It
was an accident. I'm blue team. I'm blue
team. When When we were playing
together, you shot me the red shell
earlier. Yeah, that was that was an
accident. Can I get it box double item
box? Give me something good. Um, this
will work. My aim will be true. Is that
DI right there? I see red shell. There's
the red shell. Why you shoot me? Cuz
you're a red team member, bro. And I
don't like those. That felt That felt
kind of racist. Yeah, I am. And I don't
like those. It's crazy. Hey, did I just
crush you? I literally only rev yellow,
bro. I bleed yellow. Yellow up.
[Music]
Item. Thank god this is a knockout. I am
24th.
What's up, Dion?
That's for that red shell, bro. I told
you I remember. I remember. Remember?
[__] remember. What is What is more
toxic? You guys think Mario Party is
more toxic or Mario Kart? I think Mario
in general, like they they go out of
their way to make toxic games. I jumped
over the last item box. [__] me. Why'
you do that? Uh, I had so much hops.
What am I going to Oh, I yammed it from
the halfway line. Oh, that's a bomb.
Don't worry, team. Hey, blue team. Top
two, baby.
Why does this happen to every goddamn
race?
You got to be kidding me. Every
No. Every race,
you cannot make this up. You know, you
did. Hey, Dino. Dino, what's crazy is
you got 13th. You did the best on your
team.
Blue top four. By the way, I ain't going
to lie. It's going to be uh hard to come
after that blue performance. That was
kind of crazy. I I had I had so much fun
with this game in the past week. It's
this moment right here where I realized,
no, I I think I don't like this game. I
think this game sucks. Editor playback
him saying, I think this is the best
Mario. You started this by saying I
would have said it. I don't know if
I personally think this is the best
Mario Kart ever made. And this is not
even recency bias. I think they just did
a great job on this. Tell you this is
just God. This is God seeing something
I'm enjoying and having fun with. He's
like, "Yeah, let me share that for you
real fast."
I'm not going to lie to you. If I get
hit at the finish line in this next race
again, I might I might break my $90
controller. No, bro. Don't. And if you
do, make sure it's on camera. I might
break that controller. That needs to be
attacked right off. Also, I just bought
I I bought a pro controller myself. I
just realized you got cheeky flame on
your on your team, too. He's been like
number one every single race.
[__] got nine. All right. Blue
team, bro. He got fourth on our team.
How much blue team did you got in your
mouth right now, bro? D, you're next to
me, bro. Honk. Hey, bro. You know what
level I speedrun? this one. Did you
actually I got a 155 on this. Hey, just
follow me. Maybe you'll get a good time,
too. Shut up. I'm just trying to tell
you, bro. You're going to want to hop on
this rail on the right side. Somehow I
hope somehow you get the worst time. Uh
I mean, it's not impossible.
I missed. Yeah, I just watched Do a dumb
jump and go nowhere. I definitely did
miss. I was kind of curious. I was like,
"All right, I was about to do
something." He went nowhere. I fell off
the map. I I'm trying to do speedun
tricks, bro. I'm trying to do speed. I
think the time trails would really go
crazy over that. Good speeduns for I
swear to [__] god. I swear to [__]
my [__] box. I know. I didn't get I
didn't get anything.
Why not? That that that [__] dweeb
that shot those green shells backwards.
I hope I hope you have the worst [__]
day of your life and you stub your toe.
Oh my god. Everybody knows the mushroom
skip. I'm getting no items.
I love this level.
And it's definitely not just [__]
stock.
Not giving too good run. Oh
my god. I'm 24th now, bro. What uh Mario
Party is to me. Mario Kart might be to
Dino. Oh, it's big boy time.
Big boy time.
Just was, man. Oh my god. The thing
about speed trials is there's no 24 dumb
[__] throwing everything at me, bro. I
can actually just do the tricks. A giant
mushroom next to me. I don't like it.
No. Oh my devastation.
You're
devastation.
All right. Well, I will say blue team
did not do that well this time. Blue
team, I was surrounded by blue team,
which is bad for you guys. I was 23rd.
Got green shelled or red shelled. Oh,
blue team, bro. Hold the line in the
middle. So good. And mostly got shelled
at the [__] finish line again from
fourth or third. I don't know which one
it was. It was one to two. I promise
you, bro. If you if you put up what
happened to you to what happened to me,
I promise. This is This is just insane.
I I have I watched Dion play his game in
the past week. I've seen him get [__]
This is next level. I I'm I'm just I'm
just sorry. I'm just I'm just My mind is
just blown. My mind is blown high. I
have successfully every race for the
last 53 [__] minutes got hit at the
end. Every race at the end. At the end.
It's not any anywhere else. It's at the
end. At the finish line. Who's doing it?
Who Who's doing it? I need to know who's
doing it. Like 20th right before. I
guarantee you. I guarantee you. It's
It's got to be my own team. It's my own
It's my own dumbass team. I'm blaming my
own team at this point.
Ew. The same map or we transition
driving there. Oh yeah. Yeah. This the
last one. Wait, your coins carry over? I
just noticed that. I did not either.
That's kind of OP, actually.
[Music]
I did a trick off the world and lost my
item.
item. This is nuts to me, dog. I think I
had like so much team pride. Nice to see
you back here. I used to bleed yellow,
bro. Oh, I just took one out of And
there we go. There we go. It begins. It
begins. [__] [__] Hey bro,
but you said normally happens at the
end. Maybe you're taking your lumps now.
I'm just I'm just I'm just confused.
Yep. There's a bullet bill that threw me
off on a curve. We are definitely not
driving to another Yeah, this is a
different lap. Here we go. Just Just
fire it. [__] business. Just fire it.
Just fire it if you got it. Fire it. I
will in a second. Okay, [__] I'm I
swear to God I'm going to [__] I'm
going to hunt you down, dog. I'm going
to actually hunt you down. I'm going to
hunt you down. I'm, bro. I'm going I'm
going to make a mission for the rest of
your life to hunt you down. Every corner
you turn, you're going to see me. Every
corner. And I'm going to hire every
person around you to [__] with you. And
by [__] with you, I mean they're
going to hide your stuff. They're going
to take your food. They're going to make
you lose your remote control. I'm going
to make sure you have a terrible life.
Do you understand, bro? Do you
understand? Yeah. Just one question. Did
you or did you not tell me to fire it?
I'm I'm I'm
I tell him to fire it. I'm going to I'm
I'm going to choke. I'm gonna choke. I'm
going to choke.
I'm gonna have to choke him. I'm just
asking the questions, I guess. I'm I'm
going to find you. I'm literally going
to find you, bro. I swear to God. You
think it's a joke? I'm going to find
you, dog. I know where you live. I know
your family's address. I know all your
[__] bro. It's over. It's over. I just
want you to understand. I got hit by a
red shell. Oh.
Oh, suck it, blue team. Suck it.
And bang. That's going to really shake
things up. And by shake things up, I
mean [__] concuss me into the ground.
Go yellow team.
Yeah, maybe next time. Yellow team. I
think blue team is at least third and
second. Hey, there's a lot of red team
up top. There's miss missing one of the
guys, but yeah, after red team's last
performance, I don't think they'll be
making it. Yep. Yep. Yep. W. There we
go. And that second that is Nope. Not
even second. Third place. And then while
we're at it, let's key. How do you How
do you delete? How you delete a game?
How you do? How you doing? The button.
How you doing, man? Soft. There we go.
Delete software. Perfect. Doing all this
so we can redownload it in a couple
days. I'm good. [__] this game. Hope
youall enjoyed the video. We'll see you
in the next one.
[Music]